[AUDIO LOGO]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: For
the past few decades,
we've been hearing that humanity
is going to be transitioning
into the fifth dimension.
But what does that mean?
Maureen St. Germain
has been deconstructing
the nature of what it means
to be multidimensional
and is here to talk
about ascending
into the fifth dimension
so we can understand
what's happening to us better.
>>MAUREEN ST.
GERMAIN: Sounds good.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
So welcome.
I've never interviewed
you before.
It's wonderful.
>>MAUREEN: Thank
you for having me.
I'm grateful to be here.
>>REGINA: So first of all, for
those who don't already know
you-- and many people do--
let's talk a little
bit about how
you began receiving this
information, kind of your life
journey that led you
to where you are now,
and talking about
multidimensionality because it's
still a very confusing
subject for a lot of people
and oftentimes up to
interpretation too.
>>MAUREEN: Right.
Well, I think I was born awake,
because I remember things
from my childhood.
I remember being
watched as a child.
>>REGINA: Watched by whom?
>>MAUREEN: Benevolence
and non-benevolence.
>>REGINA: What did
that look like?
You mean when you were
a little kid in bed,
you could see beings?
Or did they come in dream time?
>>MAUREEN: No, I
could feel them.
I could sense them.
And I could sense that
they were there in the sky.
>>REGINA: Interesting, yeah.
>>MAUREEN: And we
didn't watch TV.
So it wasn't influenced by
some other kind of environment.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>MAUREEN: So that
was the beginning.
And then growing up,
I grew up Catholic.
But I very quickly went beyond
what Catholicism could give me.
And meditation
became a key thing.
And then I learned the
Merkabah from Drunvalo
and began teaching
it right away.
And I was invited all
over the world to teach.
And the more you
teach something,
the more you learn about
it, as you probably know.
So I was getting information all
along as I activated my Merkabah
and would connect with source.
And so the information
would float in.
And it wouldn't be like it would
be a packet of information.
It would be more like I
would have an understanding.
Or I'd get words that
I didn't understand.
And then the rest of it would
follow, almost like a puzzle.
I'd get one piece.
And then I'd get another piece.
And then suddenly,
it fit together.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
So it happened.
The knowledge base built over a
period of years, even decades.
>>MAUREEN: Decades.
>>REGINA: Yeah, same for me.
I mean, you get bits and pieces.
And sometimes, it
takes encountering
another body of information.
And boom, everything
starts clicking together.
So that's where you are
now, where it's clicked.
>>MAUREEN: Right, it's clicked.
And I'm still learning,
like everybody else.
>>REGINA: And so when
you started, did you
continue receiving information
from guides or higher mind?
Or was it more that you
were exposed to Merkabah
and practiced?
>>MAUREEN: I practiced
the Merkabah.
And I feel that that
connection opens me up.
And then I'm actively pursuing
knowledge at that level.
And sometimes when
I write, sometimes
when I'm working with students,
the information will flow.
And as an Akashic Records
guide, a lot of information
came through, either for
me or for the clients.
>>REGINA: The way
you take information,
would you be seeing,
hearing, or simply knowing?
Which clair were you?
>>MAUREEN: More about knowing.
And occasionally, I
would hear things.
But primarily, it was a knowing
that would just come through.
>>REGINA: OK.
So I'm going to get
a classic definition.
Like, if you go
to the dictionary,
this is a classic
definition of dimensions.
Because until now, it's really
been considered a matter
of science and mathematics.
So a dimension is a conceptual
direction, such as width,
height, or depth.
The fifth dimension
was conceived
to mathematically unify
gravity and electromagnetism
into a single force.
No wonder we have no idea
what this really means to us.
>>MAUREEN: Yes.
And I agree that it's a
very confusing subject.
What has come about, I
believe, is a divergence
of two definitions.
And so when you do
a search for what
does it mean, what does
fifth dimension mean,
you'll actually
get a metaphysical
or a spiritual version as well
as a mathematical version that
was based on string theory.
But string theory
is still a theory.
>>REGINA: It's still a theory.
And also, the spirit realm
intersects with that knowledge.
I mean, it's all true
together at the same time.
But we as an experiencer,
that's a whole different thing.
What does it mean
to experience these?
We're in the third
dimension right now.
I mean, technically
speaking, if we're
talking about physically jumping
into the fifth dimension,
I wouldn't even be
able to see you.
You would be at a totally
different density.
>>MAUREEN: Maybe
I'd go with you.
>>REGINA: Or maybe
you'd go with me.
But we're looking at really as
fifth dimensional consciousness,
right?
>>MAUREEN: Well, this is
a very interesting thing
because I agree with you.
Right now, that's
our perception.
But I also think that it
is possible and likely
that we're all going
to physically move
into the fifth dimension--
body and mind and heart.
>>REGINA: Yeah, we're
going to get to that.
>>MAUREEN: So that
movement, people
are feeling It's like
when you fall in love.
It's a different state.
You feel differently.
>>REGINA: Right.
And it seems to me
that's what it is.
Right now, you have
to experience it
through your own feeling body,
not emotional body but feeling
body.
So let's start with the third
dimension, where we are right
now and what you consider to be
the hallmark and the signature
feelings of the third dimension.
>>MAUREEN: So from
my vantage point,
the short version is
it's heaven on earth.
The longer version is it's
polarity consciousness.
It is linear thinking
and time, time being
linear in that vantage point.
So those three categories
are third dimension.
And because of polarity,
it pulls us in.
And we often react or
interact in that way.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
this is a subject
that's coming up a lot lately,
is the notion of polarity
and that this is a
planet of polarity.
And then you think,
but wait a minute,
the Earth is actually
transitioning
into a finer frequency herself.
And you really can't
be here unless we can
incarnate into that frequency.
>>MAUREEN: And I
concur with that.
But my guidance is that
the Earth is ascending.
And it's waiting on us
to complete that cycle.
We are able to experience
that higher state when
we feel our heart expand, when
we have these yummy interactions
with people.
And a lot of times,
we don't know
we've been fifth dimensional
until we slide back into third.
And things are not so pretty.
So I share with
people when you're
feeling in that beautiful,
blissful state, when
you watch a sunset, when
you're with a baby, those kinds
of things.
And anchor that in so that you
could replicate it and bring it
into your life more and more
because I think it's up to us
to figure out how we're going
to move our physical bodies,
because we've been told
it's never been done before.
>>REGINA: OK, I've
heard the same things
that it hasn't been done--
we're a unique species.
It hasn't been done before.
Normally, if you're in another
place, in a dimension--
physical, non-physical,
semi-physical--
it's fairly stable in terms
of the dimensionality.
Although the notion
that consciousness
is shifting
throughout the cosmos
right now, including here
through the Earth, up
through us, that might
be a little exception,
this period of time with this
wave of consciousness shifting
everything.
But you just said,
this isn't normal.
It doesn't normally happen.
So talk about that for a bit.
>>MAUREEN: OK, so runner's
high is a great example.
I had a friend come to me.
And he said, I'm a runner.
I don't use headphones.
I just go into the zone.
And he said, and
I had this idea.
And it was an idea
for me, something
I should do with my business.
And it was an excellent idea.
And he shared it with me.
And under the circumstances,
it was a very powerful message
for me.
And it was also involving
him in his work.
So in that zone, we
are able to acquire
awareness of our ideal
outcomes or our ideal actions.
And I think that's part of 5D.
>>REGINA: So our
chemical structure
is wrapped up with frequencies.
It takes us into different
frequency ranges then.
>>MAUREEN: I think so.
And I'm not a scientist.
So I haven't read
a study about this.
But I do know that when people
do certain kinds of drugs
or certain kind of
supplements, that they
are elevated in
a way that allows
them to access without
having earned it, we'll say.
They have the ability
to just make that leap.
And it's a way to validate it.
I've had people
in classes who've
seen the field when they're
on some kind of a trip, a drug
trip.
And then they come to me and
say, I've seen it already.
I know it's real.
So part of that would be
unhooking from the barriers that
have been put in place,
either by us or by the field,
so that we are
multidimensional all the time.
>>REGINA: So from what
you understand then--
you just made mention
of this, barriers
that have been put
into the field--
can you talk about
that a little bit?
>>MAUREEN: There
were certain beings
that put programs that
limited people's abilities
to acquire certain skills.
For example, I was
told by my guides
that there was a self-healing
DNA gene that we could access.
But I had to find it.
And I found it in
the lower dimension.
And it made me laugh
when I discovered it.
And I see you're smiling,
because who would
look in a lower dimension?
You'd expect, if you're
evolving and going higher--
>> REGINA: Yeah, I want
to hear more about this.
Continue, please.
>> MAUREEN: So the
self-healing DNA,
once you know that it's there
and it's in the lower dimension,
you simply intend to
activate it and turn it on.
And it literally makes it
easier for you to heal.
And it also keeps
you young because it
allows the body to recover
to its original state.
And that was turned off.
>> REGINA: So were
you able to go there?
>> MAUREEN: Yeah.
>> REGINA: And find it?
>> MAUREEN: Absolutely And
naming it is all it's needed
now.
>> REGINA: Now.
So what was the
nature of the lower
dimension that you visited?
>> MAUREEN: Second dimension.
so it was just underneath
our existence that
we currently vibe at.
And it was simply a matter of
accessing it and reactivating it
and also rejuvenating it because
it had atrophied quite a bit.
>> REGINA: Did you have a chance
to spend any time in that second
dimension?
Because all dimensions have
their own beings and life forms.
What was it like in this point?
>> MAUREEN: Well, I
was there on a mission.
So once I got to my destination
and acquired what I needed,
I left.
It's funny that you
asked that because I
wasn't curious about what
else was there, to be fair.
>> REGINA: Because I've
often thought about that.
My understanding as Earth
being in the middle plane,
and a lot of what I identify
with or the language I would use
is more hermetic in nature
because I studied hermetics
for so many years, and they
always talk about Earth
being in the middle
plane, with the dimensions
above and the dimensions below.
But what I keep
thinking about is
how we're influenced, depending
on your own frequency range,
by either lower or
higher dimensions, which
is an interesting
thing about Earth.
>> MAUREEN: Yes, it's
very interesting.
And you're absolutely right.
We can access higher planes
of existence with intention
and, of course,
stilling the mind
because the mind is the
chatterbox that kind of keeps us
from doing that.
>> REGINA: And so what I noticed
is that in the lower dimensions
were really interesting
type of beings there.
But I'm wondering if
because it's more focused
in a sense on the physical
rather than the more
spiritual elements,
if that might
be where the DNA, unlocking
that DNA for healing
existed because it is a
more raw, physical plane.
Is that possible?
>> MAUREEN: I think it is.
And it's probable as well.
If you were going to hide
something from someone
and you knew they were going
to be trying to advance upward,
you wouldn't put it where
they would see it or find it.
>> REGINA: Right, to
knock it down a notch
because we're always trying to
seek to get out of the body,
to go higher and so forth.
So let's talk
about your journey,
going and fetching
your own healing
DNA in the lower dimension.
>> MAUREEN: Well, I wasn't
fetching it just for me.
I was fetching it, so I
could teach others to do it.
And it was a simple meditation,
but clear intention.
And when I asked where it was,
I asked probably every day
for nine or 10 months
before I actually found it.
>> REGINA: Oh, interesting.
>> MAUREEN: So I would go into
the alternate reality and access
my own energy field and then
look, where could it be.
And once I found it,
it was simply a matter
of seeing it as a sole thing.
It was almost like a
spotlight was on it
once I knew where it was.
And so then my
intention and my goal
was to help others
find it by giving them
the description of where
it is and naming it.
And then I was told
later by my guides,
all they have to do is name
that they want to acquire this.
And so I actually say it
every night at bedtime.
>> REGINA: What's the name?
>> MAUREEN: I'm calling in
my self-healing DNA strands
to activate, elevate me
to my highest potential.
>> REGINA: So when you were
looking around in the dark
there, I guess, there's
spotlight trying to find it.
What was happening?
You were just coming
up with empty space,
there was just nothing
showing itself to you?
>> MAUREEN: That is correct.
Nothing showed itself
to me because I wasn't
open to receive just anything.
I wasn't on a journey to
check out the second dimension
because I didn't know that
that's where I was going to go,
you see.
I was like on a search
in terms of where is it.
And it's a little
bit like when you've
misplaced a piece of jewelry.
And you say to yourself, I
want to know where it is.
And suddenly, it shows
up in your mind's eye,
and you can see
exactly where it is.
But you're not seeing
the whole house.
You're seeing that one spot.
>> REGINA: And so were you
surprised when you found it
in a lower dimensional field?
>> MAUREEN: I was, but
then I thought, well,
this makes perfect
sense because--
>> REGINA: Where
would you hide it?
>> MAUREEN: Where would
you hide it, exactly.
And see, the beings weren't
allowed to remove it.
So in order to affect
creation and the evolution
of consciousness,
they altered the DNA
without sealing it because they
wouldn't be allowed to steal it.
>> REGINA: Who would--
the people that--
>> MAUREEN: The beings--
>> REGINA: --locked it, that
blocked our access to it?
>> MAUREEN: That moved the
access would not have been able
to remove it because it was
part of our divine inheritance.
>> REGINA: Well, I
mean, why stop there?
They messed with so
many other things.
>> MAUREEN: You know what, I
think there's a few cosmic laws
that they just can't break.
>> REGINA: OK, well,
that's good to know.
OK, so before we go any
further because we're
using these different
terms, how would you
describe the difference
between vibration frequency
and dimensionality because
these are all conflated?
>> MAUREEN: True.
I see vibration as the element
where we are expressing at.
It's a way to define a layer.
And then frequency is the
oscillation of the vibration
and how fast it oscillates.
And the dimensions are the
actual platforms or the layers
that we have expressed our
understanding within it.
>> REGINA: So could a dimension
also be described as a realm,
like in the hermetic parlance,
they call them realms?
>> MAUREEN: Yes, I
would agree with that.
What's interesting is
there's a part of me that
sees these dimensions and
then the scaffolding within it
and the ways that
we can interact.
And I'll call them the half
steps between certain sections.
And then I see that the energy
is really a label that we
give in order to understand it.
They say in many of
the sacred literature
that when you name something,
you can own it or command it.
And so part of this idea,
whether it's hermetic or coming
from other mystical
teachings, is
once we have a label
that is commonly used,
we have the capacity
to work with it.
>> REGINA: So in
with all of this,
if everything is in a
sense mind or creation,
how does the mind play in all
of this and across dimensions,
because then the mind gets
whipped up with emotions.
They have all kinds
of fun together.
Let's start with mind.
>> MAUREEN: Well,
the mind isn't--
I don't believe the mind is
actually housed in our brain.
>> REGINA: No, not at all.
Nobody watching this
does, by the way.
>> MAUREEN: Oh, good.
>> REGINA: Yeah, no.
>> MAUREEN: So the mind is
the aspect we use to express
consciousness or to
experience consciousness.
So we use the mind to define
what we're experiencing.
So then the emotions
overlay that.
And I see emotion
as energy in motion.
And so if you think
of a coloring book,
that's the mind experience.
And it's got drawings in it.
But then when you add emotion,
you're adding color to it.
So it gives it a richness.
It gives it a depth.
And it prolongs the
experience because emotion
makes an experience last longer
because we ruminate about it,
and we have an
intensity that we didn't
have without that emotion.
>> REGINA: Then where does the
subconscious factor into all
of this, this library of
everything that is us?
>> MAUREEN: again,
I'm not a scientist.
I'm a mystic.
So my understanding is
that the subconscious
is a hidden part of
mind and consciousness
itself that we can
access if we know how.
And there's many
techniques that can be used
to change our subconscious.
And one of the techniques
that I discovered
was to allow yourself
to create a statement.
Let's say you were
abused as a child,
and you want to
unhook from that.
And maybe it was
just verbal abuse.
So when you were younger,
I used to blah, blah, blah.
But today, I can say
you're a brilliant woman,
you know how to take
care of yourself.
And I'm very proud of you.
So you create a statement
that the subconscious accepts.
And then you use
the great takeaway,
which is the "but" word,
and then you reframe it.
And now you've seeded
the subconscious
with a positive statement.
So that's something
that I teach.
I ask people to
write a whole page
of these kinds of statements,
either things that you were
told, the good ones, as
well as the compromised ones
because most times those hurtful
statements are well intentioned,
even if the person saying them
was broken when they said it.
>> REGINA: But it
does create trauma.
And so the technique that you
just talked about a moment ago,
I would think that
you'd have to have
a fair amount of repetition with
that to overwrite a program.
>> MAUREEN: That
is exactly right.
I actually asked
people after they
write it to record
it on their phone
and to play it back for 45
days, every day at least once.
>> REGINA: OK, OK.
All right.
That makes sense.
Yeah.
Otherwise, you can kind of
hack in through hypnosis.
Have you played with
hypnosis at all?
>> MAUREEN: Yeah, I
don't like hypnosis,
unless it's self-hypnosis.
Because I want to be
the person controlling
my inner consciousness.
>> REGINA: Right.
I mean, either way, I
mean, you can kind of
get there and sometimes hack it
a little bit faster that way.
>> MAUREEN: Right.
>> REGINA: So 45 days is what
you feel it takes to overwrite
a traumatic or negative
influence coming from
the subconscious.
>> MAUREEN: Right.
And the way to do it is
always to say something
that ties you to that idea, and
that doesn't have to be deep.
And then follow with the word
"but" and then a positive.
I can see you're
accomplished, blah, blah blah.
And I'm so proud of you,
which is very, very important.
And you always put it
in the first person.
So it's like a one-woman
play or a one-man play.
The speaker keeps changing
on your list of statements
that you make.
And 45 days, it
turns out, according
to Donny Epstein, a
well-known chiropractor,
who's written a lot of
work you may know of him.
He says it takes 45
days to make new DNA.
>> REGINA: Oh, OK.
So the DNA being produced
is being programmed
with the new information,
which theoretically
should create a different
outcome on a physical level.
>> MAUREEN: Exactly, exactly.
And speaking of
that, I did something
that was quite spontaneous,
and it turned out
to be a very funny experiment.
I had a bathroom
that I didn't like.
It was in a lower
level of my home.
And it was just a little
funky and it was cold.
It had a heater that
nobody ever turned on.
It had a little tiny bit
of mold in the shower,
so I had to flood.
That room was affected.
So we stripped everything
down, cleaned it all up,
and I decided to write
positive statements on the wall
before I put the wallpaper up.
And every time a guest
would use that bathroom,
they would come back
and say these statements
that I had put on the
wall underneath the wall--
>> REGINA: Underneath
the wallpaper.
>> MAUREEN: Exactly.
>> REGINA: Oh
that's interesting.
>> MAUREEN: Yes.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
So this is-- yeah, this
is pretty powerful.
So we have something
that's sabotaging us
from our subconscious,
programming
from either past lives or
maybe earlier in this lifetime.
>> MAUREEN: Right.
>> REGINA: And we make this
statement that you see this part
of yourself, you
know it's suffering.
>> MAUREEN: Right.
>> REGINA: But then you put the
newer reflection of what you
have become, what you've
built of your life since then.
>> MAUREEN: Exactly.
>> REGINA: And you do this and
you record it on your phone.
>> MAUREEN: Right.
>> REGINA: And then you play it
back or you say it to yourself.
>> MAUREEN: No, you
play it back every day.
>> REGINA: Play
it back every day.
And you play it just once or
do you play it repeatedly?
>> MAUREEN: Well, I recommend
that you play it at least once.
That's really all you need.
>> REGINA: Once a day.
>> MAUREEN: And I tell people,
do it when you're brushing
your teeth or some
mundane chore,
that you have your body is
busy, but your mind is free.
>> REGINA: And then is it
helpful for you to feel
the truth of that statement?
Where do feelings start coming
into it to boost this shift?
>> MAUREEN: This is one of those
things that's fake it till you
make it.
So you don't necessarily
need to feel it
at first because a lot of
people would have resistance.
>> REGINA: Right.
Yeah.
>> MAUREEN: And they wouldn't
buy the new statement.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> MAUREEN: But after
repeating it for 45 days,
it's become their new MO.
>> REGINA: So if you have this,
I am now a capable, a mature,
successful woman
in my own right,
and your DNA is being created
at the same pace these messages
taking hold, then what happens?
>> MAUREEN: Right.
But understand that
you're always speaking
as if you're the speaker.
So you wouldn't say I'm
a successful person.
You would say, I can see
you are a successful person,
and I'm proud of you.
And it changes.
The speaker is still there, but
they have changed their tune.
And what's really interesting
is I've had students report back
to me that when they reframed
what their parents had said
to them, the parents changed.
So they changed the reality
both forward and backwards.
>> REGINA: Give us a couple
stories of what's happened
to people, a couple that
off the top of your head,
a couple of your students or
even yourself using this method
in terms of changes in
their life, even externally.
>> MAUREEN: Well, I'm sure that
part of it is people evolve.
And so it may be that the parent
had become a little more mellow.
I mean, we tend to
do that as we age,
but the woman
reported back to me
that her father was very
critical and very judgmental.
And as an adult, the
language she used
was so similar to what he said
to her in the current time,
that she could tie those
two events together.
It wasn't just that he
had changed and evolved,
but that he was using the exact
same words that she had seeded
into her own subconscious,
which apparently
seeded his subconscious.
And think about it, when we
talk to someone, let's say you
and I are talking, but we
mentioned someone else's name.
And we're kind of thinking
about that person.
And our thoughts move
in that direction.
And the person's in the room.
They'll come over and
say, how are you doing?
What's going on?
>> REGINA: You're
creating an entanglement.
>> MAUREEN: Exactly, exactly.
>> REGINA: So OK.
Thank you for that.
That's good.
That's a good method.
It gives a nice
takeaway for people.
So let's go into the
notion of fifth dimension
and means of communication.
Because you say this, if you
can sustain these feelings
of fifth dimensional
reality, like this euphoria,
this runner's high, when you
can get so you can sustain it
in your daily life
more, it brings
about a different
kind of communication,
a different quality
of communication.
>> MAUREEN: And a different
interaction with people.
And so one of the
things I discovered
is there are certain words
that we use every day that we
could choose to not use.
We have jargon that
becomes popular
and those kinds of things.
And one of the biggest areas
that I found was problematic was
the phrase, "I have to."
>> REGINA: Interesting.
>> MAUREEN: Because when I
say I have to show up for this
meeting, I've handed
off my power to who.
I have to pick up my kids.
Well, why don't I just say,
I'm going to pick up my kids
and need to leave now.
Or I promised my boss,
I'd do this report.
I need to stop what I'm
doing to finish that.
When we say I have
to do this report,
we're implying that
someone's making us,
and it takes away
our sovereignty.
>> REGINA: Very true.
So simple but true.
>> MAUREEN: And so
that's the number one.
And then, of course,
there's other common ones--
I can't, I won't, I
shouldn't, and all of those
are opportunities for
us to say, I wonder
how I can do such and such.
I wonder how that's
going to work out.
I can remember getting a bill
when I was first getting started
working in this area full-time,
and there wasn't a lot of money.
And a bill came in that I had
agreed to but forgotten about
and didn't have
the money for it.
And I looked at the bill and
I started to go into fear.
But then I caught
myself and said,
I wonder where the
money from this
is going to-- where
the money is going
to come from for this bill.
The universe must know something
I don't know and claimed that.
>> REGINA: So you treated
it more with wonder.
>> MAUREEN: Exactly, exactly.
I wonder how that's
going to work out.
>> REGINA: That's a
good way to do it.
OK, so a lot of times in
saying instead of us saying,
I have to do this, I will
say, I need to do this.
So what is that
term doing to us?
>> MAUREEN: A need
is an ownership.
I'm choosing.
I want it like that.
So it gives us a powerful place.
>> REGINA: So need is a
better word than I have to.
>> MAUREEN: Absolutely.
Yeah because have to--
>> REGINA: We're claiming
our responsibility.
>> MAUREEN: That's right.
And our sovereignty, our
ownership of it, exactly so.
>> REGINA: And you say that
if we can start watching
our language and start speaking
in this more sovereign way,
that it's almost
like a feedback loop.
>> MAUREEN: That's right.
Because sometimes you don't
know that you consciously
respond a certain way.
And when you start to pay
attention and choose your words
a certain way, it elevates you.
And then when you slide into
5D, you get to stay there longer
because you've acquired a skill
set that allows you to speak
that way.
>> REGINA: And in
speaking that way,
it takes you more often
into that frequency range.
>> MAUREEN: That's right.
That's right.
>> REGINA: And you speak about
it as a type of language that is
not polarized.
>> MAUREEN: That's right.
That's right.
>> REGINA: Explain that.
>> MAUREEN: Well, a polarized
language, first of all,
we do know there's scientific
studies that say that the "not"
word is not heard
by the subconscious.
So if I say, I'm not fat,
I'm really saying I'm fat.
And we don't want that.
So we choose to find
ways to express ourselves
without certain
words or choosing
words that are less polarized.
And it's often the verb.
So as we--
I made a list in one
of the books of ways
that we speak commonly and
then ways to work around it.
But essentially, I
need, I choose, I want,
it makes me happy, I
like to, are all ways
that we own and step into our
power with whatever it is we're
choosing to do for ourselves.
>> REGINA: Let's bring
emotions into it.
So now we're using thought.
We're using language.
We're starting to
be a little more
aware of the language
coming out of our mouth,
getting rid of the
disempowering words.
No more "not" words.
No more "I have to" words.
But our emotions are still
there and on earth, they
can be quite charged.
And it's kind of chicken
and egg, which comes first.
But it seems to me, usually
a thought comes and then
an emotion follows very
quickly on its heels.
It triggers something.
>> MAUREEN: Right.
And oftentimes, it's triggered
by what someone else has
said to you or what
someone else has said
that got repeated back to you.
So we're reacting to
an outside influence.
So when these things
happen, there's
lots of tools to be clearing
our unresolved emotions.
We often attract these
kinds of experiences,
so we can clear that emotion.
And finally, it's a way to
look at what's being said
and ask yourself, am
I validating something
to sabotage myself or
is it simply not true.
And when it's simply not
true, you can dismiss it.
And that's a very
powerful place to be,
to be able to hear what someone
says and then dismiss it.
I remember something that
my mother said to me once,
where I was wearing
a dress she thought
made me look fat and said that.
>> REGINA: Oh, no.
>> MAUREEN: And,
I was in my 40s.
It wasn't like I was a kid.
And I smiled at her.
I was in a good state.
I was in that 5D state.
And I smiled at her,
and I said, oh, mom, I'm
pretty sure everybody
knows I'm overweight.
I just want them to
know I have style.
[LAUGHS]
>> REGINA: Good for you.
But the way you described that
a minute ago, that kind of falls
a little bit under the method
that Byron Katie taught
years ago about really
questioning, is this true?
And there's that little
sequence of five questions.
And it's actually what you say
is really quite effective, when
you just stop yourself
and say, hold on a minute,
is this actually true?
And you stop yourself
in that moment
and say, no, that was
never true or that
was what someone else said about
me and I bought it ages ago.
So really starting to
look at your thoughts,
examine them a
little more closely.
>> MAUREEN: Right.
And each of us is
influenced differently.
Some people are more influenced
by what other people say.
And some people
are more influenced
by what they heard as a child.
Once we recognize that what
other people say is not you,
it doesn't matter.
And yeah, it's very powerful.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
OK, so we covered what the
nature of the third dimension.
We've covered the feelings
of the fifth dimension.
But you say the portal
to the fifth dimension
is the fourth dimension.
So what is the nature
of the fourth dimension?
>> MAUREEN: Again, a lot of
this came through my work
in the Merkabah because
as a high schooler,
I aced all the math classes,
and I could have slept through
geometry and still
pulled a good grade.
So I was-- I feel like this
was mother's milk for me.
And I began to
see the connection
between the mathematics
and the dimensions.
So I saw fourth
dimension as the portal.
And when you look at the
direction of the ratio of phi,
for example, and how that shifts
and evolves, it's never solid.
It always evolves.
And then as a musician,
I recognize that,
and most musicians
will recognize this.
If you're playing
something in a major chord
and then you want to create
some dissonance or some change,
you play a fourth or a seventh.
And that wants to
resolve up to the fifth
and then occasionally
go to the octave,
which is exactly what we're
doing with the dimensions.
>> REGINA: Well, explain
that in a feeling set,
so we know what
you're talking about.
>> MAUREEN: Yes, I usually
sing it, to be honest.
But I'm not--
>> REGINA: What
would we feel like?
We know what this euphoria,
like the runner's euphoria
you talk about of the fifth.
>> MAUREEN: Right.
>> REGINA: And we know what
it's like to live in the third.
We're living here all the
time, reacting to life.
The emotions get whipped around.
What's the fourth like?
How do we know
we're in the fourth?
What does it feel like?
>> MAUREEN: The fourth is
remarkably similar to third,
except the emotions
are much higher.
So it's in that state
when you're frantic
or when you're super
passionate about something
or you find your voice
is getting louder
and you're trying to convey
your message, whatever it is.
That's fourth dimension because
there's a greater intensity.
So fourth dimension moves
vibrationally faster than third.
And because of the speed, it can
slide up to fifth very quickly.
It can also devolve
back down into third,
which can sometimes happen
because there is a lower fourth.
Fourth still has polarity.
And so fifth does not.
So when you're in that high
state on the upper fourth,
you slide into fifth.
When you're on the lower part
of fourth, you slide down.
It's a little bit
like that scene,
I think it was called
From What Dreams May Come,
where the woman was
caught in purgatory.
>> REGINA: Yes, yes.
>> MAUREEN: And her
husband came and said,
you don't have to be here.
>> REGINA: Right.
Right.
Now, in order to be able
to start resonating more
permanently in the fifth,
more frequently in the fifth,
you say that-- and
I agree with this.
It requires an actual faith
in life with a capital L,
to understand that life and
all the systems supporting us,
unseen systems, to
actually has our back.
>> MAUREEN: Yes.
And not only that, but
they are relying on us
to express a certain
amount of balance and joy
because all of the systems
are adversely affected
when we do not do this.
And we have seen
it in experiences.
For example, one time when
I came home to my house
and my backyard had
a cultivated garden,
but it was all
full of quackgrass,
it looked pretty bad.
And I thought to myself,
I thought the elementals
were going to help me.
I thought you guys
And I was kind of
ruminating in my head,
like you would talk to a
teenager in their messy bedroom.
And then without
thinking, I said,
I really wish I could hear you.
And boom, it turned
on just like that.
And this gnome stepped up
and he shook his finger at me
and he said, you never asked us.
And I went, yes, I did.
Don't you remember when I
put in all those tulips,
and we put in over
120 tulip bulbs,
and with each one I blessed it.
I put the dolomite in.
And I asked you to-- he said, oh
no, you expected us to help you.
>> REGINA: Oh, my
god, this is gold.
Because if I have one
great adversary in life,
it's crabgrass.
[LAUGHS]
It's taken over.
I've tried to plant so many
different things in its place,
and it always wins in the end.
But I've never
asked them for help.
I've never asked the
elementals to please help me.
>> MAUREEN: Yeah.
>> REGINA: I didn't
expect them to.
I wasn't even-- I wasn't
even factoring them in.
>> MAUREEN: So at this point,
I'm consciously aware that
I'm not making this up because I
would never say that to myself.
So I swallowed hard and ate
some humble pie and said--
>> REGINA: Please, sir,
would you please help me with
my crabgrass?
>> MAUREEN: And they
said, if we do that,
will you still come
out here all the time?
Meaning, would I spend
time out in the garden
admiring what they had done.
>> REGINA: Because they
were insinuating that if you
didn't have problems and you
weren't trying to solve this
problem, which
draws you out here,
if everything was going
smoothly, you might not show up.
>> MAUREEN: Exactly.
>> REGINA: Oh, goodness.
>> MAUREEN: You might not
spend as much time admiring
their work.
>> REGINA: Oh, interesting.
>> MAUREEN: So
they need feedback.
>> REGINA: Everybody
needs acknowledgment.
>> MAUREEN: That's right.
Everybody needs feedback.
So at that time, I had
not bought lawn furniture
for my back patio.
So I bought a table and chairs.
And I took every meal
outside from that point on.
>> REGINA: Oh, this is great.
>> MAUREEN: From March through
November until the snow flew.
>> REGINA: Oh, my gosh.
And I should know better.
I need to start
talking to my garden.
I have little
gnomes in my house.
I need to start talking to them.
>> MAUREEN: They loved candy.
But you have to
buy the good kind,
and it has to be
individually wrapped.
>> REGINA: Individually wrapped.
And where do you normally
leave it for them?
>> MAUREEN: I usually tuck it
in a place that it's not visible
to other animals, so maybe
slightly under a rock
or something.
And one time I put
chocolate out for them,
and there was a random
ball in the backyard.
And there's no wind.
And the ball moved, and it
was hiding the chocolate.
And that's when I knew
they knew where it was.
>> REGINA: I love it.
Oh, my god.
I cannot believe it.
The time has absolutely flown.
We're already out of time.
So I have one more question.
>> MAUREEN: OK.
>> REGINA: You see what's
going on in the world.
You see the density of emotions.
And you see that
we're getting more
entrained to very
dense emotions, which
are low frequency.
What would be your
one suggestion
to people watching
this right now,
to pull themselves out of
this dense emotional field
and start moving up toward
this more sublime place?
>> MAUREEN: To pretend you're
a grandmother and think about
your grandkids.
And they can do no wrong.
When they're at your
house, whatever they do,
for the most part,
it's totally fine.
So you look at what's going
on that you disapprove of
and you think, yeah,
that's not cool.
And then you move yourself up
to another layer where you say,
it's all going to work out.
>> REGINA: Because you've
seen it all before.
>> MAUREEN: Exactly, exactly.
And a phrase that I use under
a very particular situation,
but it's useful in
a universal way,
is to say to yourself, there
were some scary moments,
but it wasn't that hard.
>> REGINA: OK.
>> MAUREEN: Yeah.
And in that time
frame, I was scared.
I was terrified
that I would fail.
And little by little, I moved
into, it wasn't that hard.
>> REGINA: So be our
own wise grandmother,
looking at everything like kids.
We all have to go through
these developmental arcs.
And it will resolve,
especially if we
can find our way to some
joy, a genuine joy that's
often overlooked.
We try so hard to be so good
and so perfect, we forget joy.
>> MAUREEN: And I think that
our judgment holds us back.
So I feel that it's important
to feel the judgment
and then unhook,
purposefully unhook and say,
like you do kids.
>> REGINA: Yeah, very good.
Any final thought
before we say goodbye?
>> MAUREEN: Yes.
Ask for a day of
heaven on earth for me
and you and everyone
we come in contact with
and everyone we're in contact
with and watch the magic.
>> REGINA: Excellent.
Thank you so much.
And I will get some
properly wrapped chocolates
and find a place where all of
the mice and squirrels and such
can't get to it.
I live on a farm.
There are a lot
of animals trying
to get to things like that.
That's wonderful.
Thank you so much, Maureen.
I appreciate your wisdom.
>> MAUREEN: Thank you.
It's a pleasure to be here.
>> REGINA: To learn more
about Maureen's work,
you can go to
stgermainmysteryschool.com.
She's authored seven
books for your perusal.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Open Minds.
[THEME MUSIC]